[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: Hello, and welcome.
I'm Lisa Garr.
Have you ever had those
mystical coincidences
that happen to you?
For example, you just
missed an accident,
or you were thinking of
somebody and they called,
or maybe you've had a
spontaneous healing experience.
Call them weird, call
them unexplainable.
Are they really
coincidences though?
Do you think that we are
it-- that human beings are
the only force on this planet?
Today we're going to explore
this subject of guides
and guardian angels,
and we're going
to do with one of the
foremost authorities
on the subject, Doreen Virtue.
She not only has a
PhD in psychology,
she's also a
lifelong clairvoyant
who works with
the angelic realm.
Doreen's appeared on Oprah.
She's appeared on
CNN and The View,
and many other programs
talking about connecting
with our angels.
That's what we're
going to learn today.
Welcome, Doreen.
>>DOREEN VIRTUE:
Thank you, Lisa.
It's great to be with you.
>>LISA: Great to
have you with me.
Is Virtue your
original last name?
>>VIRTUE: It's my married
name, but it is my real name.
Many people think I made
it up, but I would not
have the courage to make
up a name like that,
since there is a realm of
angels called the virtues.
>>LISA: Oh, there is.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: So explain
your childhood.
Did you grow up as a--
in a supportive family
that knew a lot
about metaphysics?
>>VIRTUE: My family-- both
my parents are still living,
thank goodness, and
they are extremely
spiritual and metaphysical.
They're type of
spirituality is more along
the lines of physical
healing and manifestation.
Angels and clairvoyance
really wasn't
a part of their belief system.
It is now.
>>LISA: Do you have other
brothers and sisters?
>>VIRTUE: I do.
I've got a brother
who's extremely psychic.
He's more in the
mainstream world,
but he foresaw things like
the Challenger explosion.
He sees world events happening.
My mother's extremely
psychic and she's
a spiritual healer--
her mother as well.
So it is something
that's generational.
I do believe every one of us has
spiritual gifts and is psychic.
It's just that
some families make
it a little easier
to retain them.
My family was very supportive
as we worked through this.
The main thing that
I didn't understand
and they didn't understand
was my visions of people.
And I now know I
was born a medium
and I still am able to
connect with deceased people,
and I saw angels very
different than I do now.
But as a child I saw people
as clearly as I see you now.
>>LISA: Really?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: In this form.
>>VIRTUE: 3-D,
color, everything.
And I'd see them staring at
me, and they wouldn't talk,
they weren't relatives I knew.
They were just random people.
I saw them everywhere.
And I learned very quickly that
other people didn't see them,
because I would say look
at this man over here.
I'd tell my mom there's
people in my bedroom.
No one could see them but me.
So it was very frightening.
>>LISA: Did she support you or?
>>VIRTUE: They were
supportive, but they
didn't understand
what was going on.
There was no movie The
Sixth Sense back then,
to make a cultural reference.
So my mom and dad thought
that I was seeing reflections
from the TV set on my bedroom
window, which didn't make sense
because the TV set
was way down the hall.
>>LISA: Right.
Right.
>>VIRTUE: But there
was just no way
of knowing that I
have second sight.
>>LISA: If you were
to tell a parent how
to parent a child right now
who's saying those things,
what would you tell the parent?
>>VIRTUE: Well, and
fortunately I do this now
with parents who
come to my workshops.
There's two things.
One is to manage
energies that we
might call lower energies
or fear-based energies that
are attracted to children
who are clairvoyant.
And then the other is the angels
and loving deceased loved ones
that come.
So you want to
empower your child
by teaching them to call
on Archangel Michael who's
available to everyone
who asks for him.
And I've taught
children to do things
like have a little
bell that the child can
ring that can clear the energy.
Or to have the child
say loving words
that can lift the
energy as well.
>>LISA: Did you, when you were
young and experiencing these
various energies, were you
frightened because some
of them--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: --were dark?
I was very frightened.
I mean I had the
craziest childhood.
I felt very lonely.
And people would
whisper things about me
because I grew up in this family
that manifested our needs.
When our family car
broke down, my dad
got a model car of what
he wanted us to manifest,
put it on the television set,
and had my brother and myself
and my mom and him every
day visualize and affirm
that this car was paid in
full and in our driveway.
And it came true.
Within about three
months we had that car.
And we would use prayer and
affirmations instead of doctors
if we were sick.
And if our washing machine
or our car broke down
we would use these same tools.
So I'd go to school very
naive and talk about this,
and the kids treated me
like I was just insane.
So I, for a long time, did
not feel like I fit in.
It's a miracle now that I
can talk about this publicly.
>>LISA: I know.
Because I know for a long
time you just completely
cut it off--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, I tried to.
>>LISA: --and shut it out.
>>VIRTUE: I wanted to fit in.
I was very sensitive.
I wanted to be liked.
>>LISA: Of course.
>>VIRTUE: I wanted friends.
So I tried to be a normal human.
It didn't work real well.
>>LISA: You tried, but then
you went into psychology
and you went to medical school.
>>VIRTUE: I did.
Well, I was told to go to
college, and when I was there
I studied psychology.
I think I was trying to
figure myself out, honestly,
and just kept going.
And got my BA, and my Masters,
and my PhD in psychology.
And I was very
interested in-- I still
am-- in eating disorders
and women's studies.
So I became an eating
disorder specialist,
and my first books
were on these topics.
And I'm still very
much interested
in how food affects, now the
aura, and the energy level,
and the body, and the
health, and strength.
>>LISA: And I know for a
fact that you're a vegan--
>>VIRTUE: Gluten-free,
organic vegan, yeah.
So that's my own way
to deal with my body.
Everyone's
metabolism's different.
What I tell everyone
is you've got
to listen to your own
guidance and follow it,
because your angels will
tell you what to eat
and what not to eat.
>>LISA: Well, it works
for you because you're
timeless and ageless.
>>VIRTUE: Thank you.
I feel fantastic.
>>LISA: So, you've
helped a lot of women.
I know that you've
opened women's centers.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: And with your
background in psychology,
you've been able to help
entire women from abuse
to eating disorders.
And you still have some of
those centers, don't you?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Well, my doctoral
dissertation was
about the link between
childhood abuse
and the development of
an eating disorder, which
was what my clinical
specialty had been
is to help women who'd
been sexually abused
or had had any kind of emotional
or psychological abuse.
They often use food and weight
to deal with their issues.
So my first Hay House book was
actually "Losing Your Pounds
of Pain," which was my
doctoral dissertation made
a little more easy to read
with a lot of case studies.
>>LISA: Oh, you
should bring that back
because that's very
pertinent today.
>>VIRTUE: It's still in print.
Yeah, it's still in print.
>>LISA: But especially
with youth today.
Do you find that more and more
children, and even teenagers,
are coming in with
these sensitivities that
are wide open?
Why do you think now?
>>VIRTUE: I think that children
have always been born psychic.
The difference is
parents, not children.
Parents now are more apt
to come to me and brag,
oh, my child's psychic.
I mean it's practically
to the point
where we have bumper stickers
instead of "honor roll
students" that "my
child sees angels."
It used to be, even
20, 30 years ago where
parents would become so alarmed
at the invisible friends
that their kids
would talk about.
I have met adults
who told me they
were put into psychiatric
institutions-- locked up--
because they said they
heard angels or saw things.
>>LISA: On the
way here there was
a man in the airport who was
surrounded by two guards,
and he said, "I see beings.
I see beings."
And he was being retained.
>>VIRTUE: Wow.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Just on the way here.
So explain what
people can do when
they start to see
those types of-- what
do you physically see?
What do you see?
>>VIRTUE: Well,
as a child, when I
saw-- I saw deceased people
3D, completely dimensional.
And angels to me looked like
dancing Christmas lights.
It's the only way I could
have described them.
Just different colors
just dancing around.
And then I could hear this
wo-wo-wo, interdimensional
music with it.
And then I could feel like I was
going through almost like one
of those worms that you
have in outer space.
>>LISA: Wormholes?
>>VIRTUE: Wormholes, yeah.
I could feel myself in
a different dimension
when they'd show up.
And it was wild, so it was
like living in two worlds.
And at the same time almost
every night, this old man
would come to me and
he's one of my guides,
and he would take me to
places, like other planets.
He took me to see the future.
He showed me what Earth would
look like, what would happen.
He showed me what my
life purpose was to be.
And--
>>LISA: What--
>>VIRTUE: --it was frightening
because when I would be awake
during the day, other
people weren't so happy
that I was doing these things.
>>LISA: What would you see,
if you don't mind my asking,
into the future?
>>VIRTUE: Well, they
showed me global warming,
and this was back in the
'60s I was getting all this.
And they showed me that
the world would become
very topical, and
that the polar ice
caps would melt to create
new fresh water at a time
when the water would
be polluted here.
And they showed me
that we would be
all eating fresh organic
produce from tropical trees.
And that it was actually going
to be a blessing that we would
warm up in the whole world,
and not to be afraid of it.
>>LISA: Not to be afraid of it.
And have you seen the visions
that you saw back then manifest
now?
>>VIRTUE: Oh yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And even today I'm
seeing them, yeah.
>>LISA: And into
our future now, what
do we have to look forward to?
>>VIRTUE: Well,
assuming that each of us
takes our personal
responsibility seriously,
which is to be at
peace and to be happy.
That really is our
own little corners,
like we're all waiters and
waitresses in a restaurant.
The table you take
care of is yourself.
You can't control another
person being happy.
But if you take steps to
take care of your body,
to do whatever you need to
do to be truly happy-- not
artificially happy like having
a lot of alcohol or something.
Real happiness that
comes from being grateful
for what you've got now.
And taking care of
your body, and taking
care of your relationships.
All those things.
If you're happy, this future
of this world is beautiful.
>>LISA: Do you think that's
what it takes or does
it take motivating the masses,
communicating with the masses?
I always hear
different approaches
with how we really could
have a sustainable planet.
>>VIRTUE: Well, I
don't know about you,
but I don't like to be
told what to do, do you?
>>LISA: Oh, interesting.
yeah.
>>VIRTUE: It's each of us
taking care of ourselves.
So I hope I can inspire someone
who says wow, she looks happy.
Maybe I'll try what she's doing.
But I'm not going
to tell someone
do this, do that, do that.
Because all of us
have this inner rebel.
We don't even want God telling
us what to do, let alone
some person.
>>LISA: What do you
mean that's my purpose?
Yeah,yeah.
>>VIRTUE: We have to think
about it for ourselves.
>>LISA: Which is
kind of what you did.
You decided this-- what do
you want to be your path,
and you went on to go to
school and to get your Ph.D.
What woke you back
up into that place?
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah.
Well, I literally had to
have a gun stuck to my head.
I mean what happened was
I kept getting messages,
being a psychologist is
close, but that's not it.
And I knew I was helping people,
but bottom line I wasn't happy.
I had bestselling
books out there.
I'd have my name all over
magazines, on the newsprint.
I was on TV, major TV shows,
practically every week.
And I wasn't happy.
So something was
wrong, and I didn't
want to believe the
guidance I was getting
to teach about spiritual
healing and angels,
because all I could remember
was being teased as a child
for being weird.
I was like, I don't
want to do that.
So the last time that I fought
all of this was July 15, 1995.
And I was going
to an appointment
in Anaheim, California.
At the time I lived
in Newport Beach.
And my guides were screaming
at me to put the top up
on my convertible car
or it would be stolen.
But the motor was broken
on this BMW I had.
So it was stuck down.
It was summer.
And so I prayed for protection.
And when I got to the
location I was going to,
the top being down apparently
had attracted the attention
of these two men
that were going down
Lincoln Boulevard
and hijacking cars.
Because when I
got out of my car,
this angry-looking little
man with a gun, and then
he had an accomplice
back here with a knife
and a running getaway
car, just with cuss words,
which I'm not used because I'm
a very gentle person, starting
cussing at me and demanding
my car keys and my purse.
And so I thought,
oh, this is what
the guides were talking about.
>>LISA: Ah.
>>VIRTUE: So I
heard this voice say
to me scream with
all your might.
It wasn't a scream from fear,
it was a scream from power.
And so, from the gut, I
screamed like a cave woman,
just this primal
sound came out of me.
And the little man in front
of me, his eyes got this big,
and I knew that was my in--
that he was suddenly afraid,
even though he had the weapon.
It was like David and Goliath.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>VIRTUE: Seriously.
The screams attracted
the attention
of a woman who was sitting in
her car in the parking lot.
She saw what was happening,
leaned on her car horn,
and everyone at this church
where I had this appointment
came out, and then
those two men ran away.
And all of a sudden, I'm sitting
there going what just happened?
A voice that sounded--
>>LISA: Clearly.
>>VIRTUE: --like your
voice outside my head
had warned me about this.
The other voice had told me
scream with all your might.
And they knew what
was going to happen
an hour before it happened.
>>LISA: How many times
does that happen to us,
when we're not listening to
the guidance, when we hear--
so many times after someone has
been through either an accident
or an attack of similar
nature, they say I knew.
I had an intuition.
I had an instinct.
That is one of the
biggest things.
My husband teaches
martial arts, and that's
one of the biggest
things that he
hears from people
who are victims
is that they had an
instinct they didn't follow.
And it's very true.
That guidance comes in,
and how much do we deny it.
>>VIRTUE: Exactly.
>>LISA: Because
we don't trust it.
>>VIRTUE: No.
>>LISA: Because
it's not from here.
>>VIRTUE: We do what I
call logically override it.
It's the same thing
when you're being
told to take an umbrella in the
morning and you look outside
and there's no
clouds in the sky,
and two hours
later it's pouring.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: It's
exactly the same thing
whether it's a danger
thing or a comfort thing.
>>LISA: So where do
those voices come from?
Where do these angels come from?
>>VIRTUE: Well, in the ultimate
spiritual truth we're one.
There's only one
spirit, one love.
We're one with the creator,
we're one with angels.
But in this world of separation
and illusion that we're in,
these guides come
in as connectors,
as messengers-- that's
what angels mean after all.
And so they help us to bridge
the world of 100% love, which
is where we're really from, and
that's what I define God as.
And then our world that has
a duality of fear and love,
the angels are the
bridge between the two.
>>LISA: Because we live
in a physical dimension.
What about this physical
dimension that we're in
has that polarity
of fear and love.
Why is that?
>>VIRTUE: It's the
density, and it's
the original ego that
said wouldn't it be cool
if I could be God and
I could be in charge.
It's like a teenage kid
who runs away from home
and gets their own
apartment, but wants
parents to still pay for it.
That's what the ego is.
>>LISA: So it's
revelling with ourselves.
It's being a rebellion
against ourselves.
>>VIRTUE: The ego
wants to be God.
And so the ego wants
us to worship fear
and gives us all
sorts of scenarios,
including thinking
that other people are
worse than you or other
people are better than you.
That's the main thing it
does with level confusion.
>>LISA: I love how you bring in
the psychology with what you're
talking about with
the angelic realm
because it makes it so
practical for some reason.
It brings it to a
grounded reality.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: At the same time, I
have had wonderful conversations
with you, and I fall off
of the path all the time--
>>VIRTUE: We all do.
>>LISA: --of communicating
with my-- all the time.
And then when I
see you, I go why--
it's so easy to ask for help.
>>VIRTUE: It's not whether
we fall off the path
or have an ego.
It's what we do with it.
And if we can learn
from it or teach others,
then that's the whole point.
>>LISA: So how do you
ask for guidance, and how
do you really know
they're there?
>>VIRTUE: Well, let's talk up.
Let's talk about free will.
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: So in this world,
we have complete free will,
and not even the
creator can intervene
without our permission.
So we have to ask for help with
everything, with everything.
And so that's the part that puts
a lot of responsibility on us.
And then religion
sometimes taints this
by saying to people, well, you
should only ask for big things,
or don't bother God and the
angels with little things.
And that's the projection
of the human ego on God
that's incorrect, spiritually.
What's correct is that
there's an unlimited universe
that God is omnipresent, that
these beings we call angels,
which are light and love and
intelligence, are unlimited.
They're holographic.
They can be with everyone
helping with-- anything
that brings you peace
they're happy to do.
And if you don't know what
would bring you peace,
you can just say this
or something better.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
>>VIRTUE: I love that prayer.
>>LISA: You live
like this, though--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: --do you walk
around and just things--
even things like flights that
get canceled and whatnot.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: You just turn into
a positive experience?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, well
this is the whole point
is our purpose is to be happy.
Happiness is holy.
It's a very high vibration.
And then when we go into the
ego, which includes fear,
guilt-- big one-- anxiety--
>>LISA: Absolutely.
>>VIRTUE: --depression, anger.
It's either love or fear.
It's very black and white.
And there's many, many
different shades of fear.
And the ego's always looking
for our Achilles heel.
What can I get them with
to worship fear again?
What can I do?
I'm going to try
and make them feel
unsafe about the world,
about the future.
I'm going to try
and make them feel
like they're not good
enough or that they're
better than others.
Ego's always looking for that.
And when you recognize the
ego, then it's just this little
buzzing fly you don't
pay attention to.
>>LISA: Well, you
have put together,
which I think is so great,
between you and your son,
you've put together
these slides that
show us the frequency
of our languaging.
How does this
relate to what we're
talking about here
with the angelic realm?
>>VIRTUE: It does
very much so, and it
reminds me of my good friend
Masaru Emoto's work with water.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: The physical
world, as we all know,
is composed of energy.
And now with, of course,
electronic microscopes,
we can see that everything's
moving all the time.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
>>VIRTUE: And we all know
that the words we speak
create and attract.
I mean this is
metaphysics 101 and it
was taught by
Socrates and Jesus.
It's nothing new.
What is new is that my son,
who's a computer genius, when
I was recording a podcast one
day and I said the word angel,
he was watching on
the oscilloscope
on the computer what
that word looked like.
And he said, mom, it looks
like an angel in flight.
>>LISA: Oh.
Let's take a look at this.
We actually have
a slide of this.
It looks like an
angel in flight.
How does that--
>>VIRTUE: It looks like wings.
>>LISA: Ah, I see.
>>VIRTUE: See how
the wings are there?
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
>>VIRTUE: And I love to
find patterns in things.
So when this graph
on the computer
showed that when I
said the word angel
this is what it looked
like, I thought,
and I said to my son, Grant,
let's look at other words
and see if we can find
any kind of patterns.
We had no idea what
we would look for,
how it would turn about.
But it set my son,
Grant Virtue and myself,
off on about a year
and a half, maybe
two years of recording
different words and phrases
into the computer program
and then looking at it.
We found this clear pattern.
>>LISA: You say that we all know
about the frequency of words.
Maybe we don't.
Maybe we don't know about
the frequency of words.
>>VIRTUE: I knew
it intellectually.
I mean everyone knows if
you say something positive,
you're going to create
something positive in life.
>>LISA: Well, let's
take a look at that
because this is what
a negative-- there
is no customers in the area.
>>VIRTUE: This is
really interesting.
All this is from our
book Angel Words.
We interviewed people who
had changed their life
by changing the
words that they said.
And this story comes from a
waitress who lives on tips.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: And so she was
working in a restaurant
and she was complaining to
the other waitresses every day
that there was no customers
in her area of tables,
and so she wasn't
making many tips.
Now, what Grant
and I found-- you
can see that there's a
middle line on these words.
And that the negative phrases
and words were very tightly
surrounding these lines.
And this waitress, whose
story is in Angel Words,
was manifesting or having
a self-fulfilling prophecy
of having no customers,
and therefore, she
was getting no tips.
She realized this, and
she changed her words
to a more positive phrase.
>>LISA: So this is
what it looks like when
"there is a flow of
abundance," and that's
the magnetic frequency
of the words.
Is that what that is?
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
You can see that the
peaks of the words
in her phrase "there's
a flow of abundance"
were higher and lower
surrounding the middle line.
So in other words,
they're bigger.
This really shows high frequency
and low frequency words
and phrases.
And as soon as she
started doing this,
she started getting more
customers in her area.
It's not magic or
woo-woo hocus-pocus.
I'm sure that it made her a
happier person and more people
wanted to come to
the restaurant.
>>LISA: So she did.
She started changing
her languaging--
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: --and it
changed her outcome.
>>VIRTUE: Exactly.
>>LISA: And, of course, she
had to have her belief system
matching the languaging--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: --because you
can't just say the words.
>>VIRTUE: Well,
actually, we experimented
with that very thing.
>>LISA: Really?
>>VIRTUE: We said
positive words when
using the energy of anger
and sadness and anxiety.
And it didn't matter.
I mean there's a
little bit of a change,
but it was the words themselves.
And we tried
different languages.
>>LISA: That is--
>>VIRTUE: They had--
>>LISA: --so interesting.
>>VIRTUE: --an
embedded energy field.
>>LISA: So this is
really interesting.
I want to show you what it looks
like when you say something
negative about
yourself, as opposed
to when you say
something positive.
So here's the slide
with that sample.
>>VIRTUE: So this
is from a singer
in the UK named Anna Taylor
who had a lifelong dream
to become a very famous
singer and have a CD out.
And she used to go around saying
I'm not a very good singer.
And when she changed it and she
caught that-- a lot of times
we do this unconsciously.
And she was lucky enough
to have good friends who
pointed that out to her.
And so she said, oh,
now that I know it,
I'm going to go around
saying I'm a talented singer.
She started saying that before
she believed it to be true.
But we noticed, because I've
known Anna for maybe 15 years,
that her voice changed and
improved just by saying I'm a--
>>LISA: Really?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah. --a
talented singer.
She started to get jobs, and
now she's on her second CD.
>>LISA: Psychologically, do
you match up with the things
that you're talking about?
>>VIRTUE: Eventually.
It can take up to a month
of saying them steadily.
>>LISA: Do you recommend
doing affirmations?
>>VIRTUE: Big time.
>>LISA: You do?
>>VIRTUE: I changed my
life with them, yeah.
I had very low confidence
from being teased so much
as a child, and having
some kind of emotionally
abusive relationships
along the way.
>>LISA: And from being such an
open clear channel, I'm sure.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Yeah.
And so I actually knew that
affirmations, you know,
because I was raised
with them, would
be the best way to
raise my confidence.
And so I created my own-- at
that time they were cassette
tapes--
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>VIRTUE: --and I created
my own affirmation tape
with positive words and phrases,
like I have wonderful friends,
I have a fit, healthy body,
I'm a best-selling author.
These were not true
at the time at all.
It made me cringe to hear my
own voice and hear these words,
but I listened to them every
day, two or three times a day.
And within about
three weeks, I started
to see that I was getting
more assertive with people.
I had more clear boundaries.
I felt good about myself.
I started to drop weight.
And they all came true.
>>LISA: That is an
amazingly practical tool.
>>VIRTUE: I wish I
still had the CD.
>>LISA: But people
could do this though--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, they can.
>>LISA: --easily, especially
with smartphones now.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Well, your own voice is
what your unconscious
responds to the best.
>>LISA: Ah-ha.
That's important.
And it's more than
the written where
you put post-its everywhere.
If you actually record this
into your phone and you
can play it back to yourself
through your headset.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
And if you don't like the
sound of your own voice,
you need it more than ever.
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>VIRTUE: It means that
you need to love your voice
and love yourself.
>>LISA: Even more than ever.
>>VIRTUE: Um-hmm.
>>LISA: So this next slide is
an example of what it looks like
when you--
>>VIRTUE: Oh, I love this story.
This from our book Angel Words.
This is a story from a woman who
owns a metaphysical bookstore,
who she says I should
have known better.
When people would come into
the store and how's business,
she would go around saying
that she would never be rich.
>>LISA: Really?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And it was just
kind of something
that she kind of grew up saying.
And it was because she
thought it would be bragging.
>>LISA: Oh.
She was trying to
be humble with it.
>>VIRTUE: Exactly.
But her store was suffering.
And so someone pointed
out to her, she caught it,
and so she started to say
this place is a gold mine.
And she said it was instant that
customers started to come in
and buying her products.
And this is something that no
matter what kind of business
you're in, you can apply
immediately and have very, very
visible and tangible results.
Look at the difference in the
energy of those two phrases.
When you say "I'll
never be rich,"
it's very tight, and
tense, and stress involved.
But when you say "this
place is a gold mine,"
it's just a higher
vibration, you
can feel it's a lot more
relaxed and it loosens you up.
And when you relax you
get more creative ideas.
You're a happier person.
People want to
hang out with you.
Your store's energy
feels better.
It attracts people.
>>LISA: I was having
this conversation
with Tina, my producer, about
the idea that whenever anyone
says how are you, we always
say we're really super busy.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: And right.
And we made an agreement
together on the phone
the other day to
change that story--
>>VIRTUE: Great.
>>LISA: --and to open
up with we're fabulous.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: Just to
say we're fabulous.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And it's a gift you give to the
person who hears that phrase.
>>LISA: Right.
Because they're not-- so I
invite the people watching.
If you ever have that story
when someone says "how are you,"
what's the first thing you say?
What is the first thing
say you after that?
I'm busy.
I'm tired.
I'm crazy.
I mean what things
are you affirming?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And then it comes true.
If you say you don't have
enough time, that's the truth.
>>LISA: That's true.
That is what we're
validating, and continuing
to create scarcity and
not time and stuff.
There's a friend of
mine that I always
watch one of the kids in
the family's always sick.
And I look at her languaging,
and she said, "oh,
so-and-so's sick again."
And it's almost an expectation
of a child being sick,
which is almost a
self-fulfilling prophecy.
>>VIRTUE: It's her story.
>>LISA: Well, so let's take
a look at what this is.
What sick versus
healthy looks like.
>>VIRTUE: So look at the
difference there in the energy.
I mean you're literally looking
at high vibrational words
when you say healthy.
That's almost off the charts.
>>LISA: That is interesting.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And so what I've
learned as a writer
is that there's always a
positive way to say everything.
And you can ask
the angels to help
you to rewrite the words if
you find that maybe that's not
your best talent.
>>LISA: So even if you change
the frequency that you say it
in, if you say "I'm healthy"
and you change the tonality--
>>VIRTUE: It doesn't matter.
>>LISA: It doesn't matter.
You've tried using all
of these different forms?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
It's the word itself.
That because so many
people have imbued
meaning into these
words, that they are big.
Some of the words
that we thought
would be negative and kind
of tight, small, surprisingly
were big, like the
word drugs we thought
would be very low
vibrating because it's
associated with drug abuse.
But it's words that have--
and the word fat, too.
We thought that would
be low vibrating.
But there's instances where
the word drugs is something
that helps people and it
can be positive, and--
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>VIRTUE: --fat can be
like a fat raise you get
or a big fat kiss.
So the words that
are universally
considered negative, we have
outlined in this book Angel
Words.
I tell you, this
book changed my life.
After looking at
these pictures--
>>LISA: This was interesting
because I earmarked
one of these because the name
of the book is Angel Words,
and it's a Hay House book.
And I have-- really, the self
talk that we tell ourselves,
and I had earmarked
this a while ago.
Just these random phrases that
people say, "damned if you do,
damned if you don't."
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah, we have
the cliches and how those--
>>LISA: Cliches.
Thanks.
"I'm as serious as a heart
attack." very, very low vi--
>>VIRTUE: So you don't
want to say that.
>>LISA: You don't want to--
>>VIRTUE: These
days, you manifest
almost instantly what you say.
We've got to be very cautious.
>>LISA: Yes.
Yes.
And there's "No good
deed goes unpunished."
Where these words tend
to be so-- "Break a leg."
>>VIRTUE: And we show
the computer graphs
of these cliches.
And once you see that, then
you won't want to do them.
In fact, people tell me
they're buying this book
to give to their relatives
who complain a lot
and who are negative.
>>LISA: If you have anything
to do with copywriting
or if you're on
the internet a lot
and you want to
change the frequency,
because so much of
our communication
happens through
email these days,
you can put words in there.
And the book gives
you, of course,
the antidote for
all of the words.
So there's instead
of saying "break
a leg," you can say
"you can do it,"
or "may the force be
with you," or "luxury
is our soul mate lover."
That's a good one.
So yeah, there's a
lot of different ways
that you can change the
tonality of an email
by just using these--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
It's interesting.
>>LISA: It's interesting.
>>VIRTUE: You know, we
talked the ego, and the ego
its whole basis is to delay
happiness for the future,
because the ego knows
that if we're happy,
we're high vibrational, that
it loses its whole life force.
It's like the wicked
witch in The Wizard of Oz.
>>LISA: You mean
it loses its goal?
>>VIRTUE: It's gone.
Ego is fear and
that's all it is.
>>LISA: I'm lost.
Explain that.
>>VIRTUE: Ego is
the belief that you
are separated from God, which
is the most terrifying thought
that could ever happen to us.
And it's impossible to
happen because the creator
and the created are still one.
But the ego continuously tries
to tell us, you're on your own,
there's a scarcity of
money, a scarcity of food.
You better get yours
before you get--
>>LISA: Survival.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
But the ego says that you
will be happy in the future
if you create these conditions,
and it's fill in the blank
that if all the wars are
done, if all the children,
if the pollution's gone.
If you get married or divorced,
if you lose weight, if you
pay off your bills.
Then the promise the
ego gives you is you'll
be happy in the future.
The higher self knows
that God created you happy
because you're in the image
and likeness of the creator,
and the creator
is 100% happiness.
And if you would just
know that right now,
you don't need
conditions to be happy.
You've already got it.
And so the book
Angel Words speaks
to vibrating at that
level of happiness
now, not in the future.
>>LISA: Well, let me ask
you about that where there's
conspiracy theories and a
lot of fear and domination
that we're being suppressed
under in certain environments,
in political and
economic environments.
So those energies
tend to be the heavier
and more vague and
dark and survivalistic.
But they are very present.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not a Pollyanna or
sugar-coating everything.
I know exactly what's
going on in the world.
And a lot of those conspiracy
theories are correct.
There are those things going on.
But there's two
ways to handle it.
Fear or love, fear or love.
If you handle it
from the ego, it
just puts gasoline on the
fire and makes it worse.
You are giving more power
to the fear-based ego
and to all of that dark energy.
But the solution
is for all of us
to be happy, speak
up when you need to.
I mean I'm very
politically active.
I think we all should
be voting and be
aware of what's going
on in the world.
But from a place
of prayer and love.
Don't let it go into fear.
>>LISA: I have to ask
you, because you're
the perfect person, I think, to
ask about something like this.
When you talk about
chemtrails, which
we see evidence of in
the skies and so forth,
and the chemical dumping that's
happening in our environment.
How do you change
that into something
that you can use
as a good force?
>>VIRTUE: Well, the people
who are perpetuating things
that we find evil or
obnoxious, they will respond
to all of us lifting the
collective energy of the world.
I'm very much an ocean activist,
and I'm very, very involved
in protecting the cetaceans,
the dolphins and the whales.
And when things
happen to them where
they wash up dead
on the beach, I
have to really watch my thoughts
because that's my Achilles heel
and the ego knows it, where
I could get very, very upset
and lose sleep.
That's not going
to help anything.
>>LISA: To say it's them--
>>VIRTUE: That doesn't help.
That's an ego device to blame
others and to think, well,
I could be happy if they would
take care of dolphins and such.
So what we have to do instead
is to raise the vibrations
to the point where people
would never even consider
doing chemtrail attacks
or polluting the ocean
or doing sonar so loud that it's
driving the cetaceans crazy.
Right now we're at the tail
end of the old energy which
is very violent,
and the darkness
is kicking and screaming
as it's being escorted out.
>>LISA: Even more so, yes.
>>VIRTUE: They
showed me the future.
In the future, we
will tell tales
to our great grandchildren that
there was a time in our history
when there was guns used,
and they won't believe us
because that will
be a distant memory.
They will think that's
science fiction.
There will be a
time in our future
when we'll talk about chemtrails
and the powerful people
right now who are artificially
making a recession
and artificially making
wars to get us off our path.
To help us to forget who we are.
>>LISA: And it's just a
few very dominant leaders.
>>VIRTUE: And they are
getting their messages
from their own source,
which is the darkness.
And the whole reason for all
that is to disempower us.
Because if we would just
stay on the path of light
and remember who we all are,
and who we are is so powerful,
and not let ourselves
get distracted
by these little dark pony shows
going on over on the side,
then it all works.
We have what we all came for.
>>LISA: It's interesting
that you minimalized it
to small dark pony shows.
>>VIRTUE: Well,
they're horrible.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean I have human emotions.
I feel them, and I let myself
feel, and I'm aware of them,
and I speak up.
It's one of the reasons
I'm a vegan because I
do my part for helping
with environmental issues.
But to go into fear about it
or to blame others, or anger,
or give up voting, that
doesn't help anything.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: What helps is getting
involved from a place of love,
and to do your best to raise
vibrations through prayer.
>>LISA: You perpetuate the
love and the positivity
and the growth and
the forward motion,
rather than
perpetuating the fear.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
Well, let's go into the
psychology of someone
who would kill a
dolphin, for instance.
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: That's got
to be a person who's
pretty out of touch
with their feelings,
because dolphins are beautiful
beings who are intelligent
and they have cute
eyes, if nothing else,
and children connect with them.
So someone who's doing
that just for money
has got to be
really disconnected
from their emotions.
I would imagine they're
using drugs or alcohol
to be numbed out.
If we can raise the vibrations
through our own happiness
and modeling a
different way of living,
and they can say, wow,
that person, they're happy
and they're paying their
bills, and they're not
killing anything to
do it, and they're
making the world a better place.
I want to be like them.
Then pretty soon,
there aren't people
who would club seals or kill
dolphins or do chemtrails,
because they all follow
the path that we're
modeling through happiness.
>>LISA: And you really think
that as a collective group
of people, if enough people
start to think like that,
will continue to
penetrate that, it
could actually
make a difference?
>>VIRTUE: It is right now.
We're on that path.
We were in a fork in the
road before the year 2000,
and we chose the path of light.
And people like yourself who
are in the media perpetuating
happy, positive energy,
high vibrating energy,
are a big part of it, Lisa.
So you've got to keep
doing what you're doing.
>>LISA: I have to
take a stand for that.
I absolutely do.
I do take a stand for
staying in the light
and keeping the
information positive.
It's actually something that
I have a firm, strong belief
in, and by modeling it,
that I have this ability
to bring this
information to people.
I absolutely take
a stand for that.
>>VIRTUE: Well, and it
counterbalances the fear energy
that's also being
broadcast by some
of the more mainstream
fear-based stations.
>>VIRTUE: Well, that fear
appeals to the lower vibratory
kind of reptilian brain
where it goes in and matches
that level of survival.
>>VIRTUE: And it gives
someone justification
for getting drunk
one more night.
>>LISA: And if it bleeds, it
leaves, which is absolutely
what-- it's sexy, and it
appeals, and it brings a--
And it does.
It raises certain chemicals in
the body, and fight or flight
hormones, and it activates
and motivates people.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, it's the ego.
Fighting the ego
doesn't help anything.
What does is lifting the energy
and modeling a different way.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
All right, I'm on
a tangent here.
>>VIRTUE: No, I thank
you and Gaiam TV
for bringing the broadcast
of light and love.
>>LISA: Yes.
Gaiam TV is very progressive
in that way, where they really
are doing what-- this should
be happening in mainstream,
but it's happening
here, and this
is the new mainstream
in my opinion.
All right, there's
another side here.
We looked at the
sick versus healthy.
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah, there we go.
>>LISA: This is powerful.
>>VIRTUE: Isn't it?
Look at the difference between
high vibrating saying "I can"
versus "I can't."
I mean this goes back
to our childhood.
"I think I can, I think I can,"
the little train that could,
right?
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: So again,
anything that you say
can be worded in a
positive or high vibrating,
or negative or
low vibrating way.
When you see these charts, it
just really opens your eyes
and awakens you.
>>LISA: So "I can" has such a
higher vibratory frequency than
the words "I can't."
We have this in our
household, "I can't" is
considered a dollar word.
You have to put a dollar in
the jar every time you say "I
can't."
>>VIRTUE: Love it.
>>LISA: It's considered
a bad word in our house.
>>VIRTUE: In fact,
Louise Hay, kind
of to springboard from
this, she pointed out
that when you say
"I can't wait,"
that that is low vibrating.
"I can't wait."
I can't wait for next Tuesday.
I can't wait for Christmas.
When you say "I can't wait."
But instead to say
"I'm so excited about."
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: It's higher vibrating.
>>LISA: There are so
many different antidotes
that you can turn up with
these various things.
So these are negative words.
These are words like addiction.
There's the word drugs
you mentioned earlier.
>>VIRTUE: And worry.
That's probably the
lowest vibrating word
that we came up with.
When you say, "I'm worried,"
you are affirming this very low
vibration, and the
universe brings you
more things to worry about.
>>LISA: Interesting.
So I'm worried about
the state of the world.
That brings--
>>VIRTUE: It doesn't
help anything.
It, again, puts
gasoline on the fire.
>>LISA: Hmm.
Or in this situation, "tension."
What about the word "anxiety."
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
I mean all those words.
You can feel your body getting
tense when you say them.
When you say I'm
anxious and tense,
you can feel your jaw
muscles get tighter.
And it affects
everyone around you.
Words are like
secondhand smoke, when
you're saying these really
low vibrations, it's toxic.
>>LISA: That is
very well stated.
I'm a big proponent of this.
I am a wordsmith as well.
I love the power of words.
And it also has to do with
your self talk, the words
that you're not saying, right?
>>VIRTUE: The words
you're saying.
The words you're listening to.
If you're listening to
TV shows or movies that
have a lot of cussing
and negative words,
it affects you physiologically.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>VIRTUE: It also-- the words
stay inside of closed rooms.
And energy stays inside of
rooms unless they're cleared.
So saying these kind of
words or hearing them indoors
makes it even more toxic.
>>LISA: I read a book
once that talked about
if you want to find out what
your negative self talk is,
look at the results
in your life,
and that's what
your negative self
talk is because
it's that powerful.
Your behavior will be 100%
of what your self talk is.
>>VIRTUE: So true.
>>LISA: It is very true.
Let's look at what the
positive words look like.
>>VIRTUE: Yay.
Love the positive word.
So I say love a lot, and love
is extremely high vibrating,
not surprisingly.
So is prayer, and joy, and bliss
is very, very high vibrating.
Interestingly, because
I always ask audiences,
what do you think the
highest vibrating word
is, and the always say love.
But the highest vibrating
words that we found
is on the next slide,
is this one, peace.
>>LISA: Is it really?
>>VIRTUE: Peace, yeah.
And that's our life purpose
right there is to be at peace.
>>LISA: It's
interesting, the words
seem to have
different directions.
Peace is, look at that,
is almost going forward.
>>VIRTUE: Well, when
I see that-- yes,
and it looks like a
white dove to me, which
is the symbol of the word peace.
>>LISA: That's so
interesting because it's
going in a direction
which is forward.
If you were to look
at an NLP timeline,
that is the forward
direction on the timeline.
And it seems to
be going forward.
That's so interesting.
Do you notice that words have
different frequencies of--
>>VIRTUE: Direction?
>>LISA: Do they?
>>VIRTUE: Well, we haven't
studied that in depth,
but we did notice that some
are flying to the right
and some are flying
to the left, yes.
>>LISA: If you look back
at the positive words, yes.
Some of them are going to
the right and some of them
are going to the left.
And if you look
at-- again, I want
to go back to the
negative words here.
>>VIRTUE: It's
really interesting.
When we started
this whole study,
Grant and I expected that we
would find negative words would
have the peak below
the center line,
and positive words would
have the peak above.
That immediately
didn't come true.
The pattern we found was
that the lower the vibration,
the tighter they were.
The word "tension" illustrates
the very thing it is.
>>LISA: Yes.
Oh, very true.
It's very tight
and very compact.
And then the positive words
are so much more opened up,
and they have space,
some space between them.
>>VIRTUE: Breathing room, yup.
>>LISA: And they have
a higher frequency.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, so I
mean we know from science
that if your body's relaxed,
it's healthier for you.
And a big path to
feeling relaxed
is to say positive
words, such as when
we said if you say, "oh,
I don't have enough time,"
you can feel your
body get tense.
But if you say "I've
got plenty of time.
I'll get there exactly at the
divine or perfect moment,"
you start to relax.
And when you're
relaxed, everything
flows more healthfully
in your body.
You get ideas because
blood flows to the brain.
>>LISA: What about manifesting?
If you say things
like "I have the"--
do you ask for specific amounts
of money in your experience?
>>VIRTUE: You can.
>>LISA: What do you talk about?
It works.
Back in the old
days, my salad days,
if I had a bill come in I
needed to pay and it was $86.98,
I would say thank
you, God, for $86.98
and it would magically appear.
>>LISA: Your salad days?
>>VIRTUE: Salad days
is a term that we
use when people are just
starting out in their career
and all they have money
for is to eat salads.
>>LISA: That's all I
eat anyway is salad.
That's funny.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
It was not by choice back then.
>>LISA: I see.
>>VIRTUE: Lettuce was kind
of the thing we could afford.
So yeah.
So you can ask for
something specific.
You can ask for this or
something better, God.
You can say God, you know
what will make me happy,
bring it to me.
As long as you ask.
That's the key.
And when you ask for
something from the universe,
it's very analogous
to ordering something
at a restaurant from a waiter.
So one thing that
you've go to do
is be very clear on what
you want, and then don't
worry about how it's
going to come to you.
Just like at a
restaurant, if you
say I want an avocado
sandwich on gluten-free bread,
you would ask for
that very clearly,
and then you don't
keep following
the waiter into the kitchen
asking for it over and over
and over again.
That would be insane.
It's the same thing
with the universe.
You just have to ask once.
As long as you ask clearly,
then you don't sit there and go
well, how are you going
to answer my prayer, God?
How?
Will I have enough time?
Will I have enough money to--
That's when we meddle too much.
>>LISA: I notice that you
do a lot of free events.
You do a lot of
philanthropic events.
>>VIRTUE: Yup.
>>LISA: You don't have a lot
of tension on money, do you?
>>VIRTUE: No.
>>LISA: How do you--
explain that to us.
How do you live with--
>>VIRTUE: The thing I
talk to people about
is that the ego is
very future oriented,
and the higher self is now.
And the ego always does this
thing I call bag lady fears.
And where people are
afraid that in the future
they're going to
end up as a bag lady
in the gutter with no money, or
a bag man if it's a man, right.
And the ego loves it
when we buy into that.
The higher self
knows that there's
an abundance of money and
everything for everyone.
And people say to me
why are people starving?
And the truth is it's
because of this consciousness
that there's not enough money.
And the best way we can
help those starving children
is a) to affirm
abundance for yourself
so that you can send
money to the orphanages
and you can give money
to homeless people.
So it's not selfish to manifest.
It's a path to
healing the world.
>>LISA: And then you
just ask for what
you need as you need it, right?
>>VIRTUE: Literally, this
one time I was at a place
with a girlfriend whose
birthday was coming up
and she admired a scarf.
And I thought, oh,
perfect birthday gift.
And the place that
it was for sale
didn't take credit
cards or checks, which
I thought was all
was in my purse,
and I hadn't brought any cash.
But I just said to my purse,
I need this amount of money--
>>LISA: To your purse?
>>VIRTUE: To my purse.
>>VIRTUE: --to buy this scarf
for my friend, and I reached in
and the money was there.
And I've done that
countless times.
>>LISA: Oh, my goodness.
You are a manifester.
We're going to
take a quick break.
When we come back,
we're going to talk
about the specific archangels
and what their meanings are so
that we can figure out how
to clearly set intentions.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back.
My guest is Doreen
Virtue, angel therapist.
And we're going to learn
now about the archangels
and where they
show up in history.
Where, historically, have
we learned about archangels?
>>VIRTUE: Well, they do go back
to ancient Judaic mysticism,
including the Kabbalah
and the Zohar.
And they are a part of
monotheistic tradition.
So the three
monotheistic religions,
Christianity/Catholicism,
Jewish, and Islamic or Muslim,
they all recognize archangels
as these beings-- who
I have seen clairvoyantly
since childhood,
so I can corroborate
that they're
very real-- as
intercessories that
manage our personal
guardian angels.
So you've got your
own guardian angels.
So do I. So does everyone.
And then there's
these archangels--
there's hundreds of them--
who each have a specialty, who
can also be a guardian
angel to you and help you.
They're unlimited
beings, so they
can be with as many people
as who call upon them.
>>LISA: So let me ask you
quickly about the guardian
angels-- maybe not so quickly.
I want to ask about who
are the guardian angels?
Where do they come from?
How does everybody
know they have them?
How do you connect them?
>>VIRTUE: Well,
that's part of my work
is telling people they have
angels because a lot of people
think they're mythology
or just wishful thinking
or part of religion, but
they're a part of life.
Just like every human has a
brain and lungs and a heart.
Every human has these entities
with them, these guides, who
are very pure, who
are trustworthy,
who are direct from love
and life, the creator,
and you come in with them.
They actually work with
you on your life plan
before you come into your
physical body and you're born.
And they stay with
you your whole life.
And they go back home
with you after you're
done with this being
in the classroom
experience we call life.
>>LISA: Interesting.
And then that's how you can
connect with these angels
to discover your life
purpose, and you can actually
have a connection with them.
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah.
We all do have
connections with them.
That's the point.
I mean everyone has had a
gut feeling that either they
ignored or listened to, and
either way you learn from it,
hopefully.
>>LISA: I know my guardian
angel is a very good driver.
>>VIRTUE: OK.
>>LISA: There are
some things that I
miss that I can't explain.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
And fortunately, we all
have guardian angels
that are very patient with
us, because most people don't
listen to their angels.
And most people, they have
doubts about the messages
they get.
The angels talk to all
of us in four ways.
The most common way
they talk to all of us
is through our physical
and emotional feelings.
We call it clairsentience,
or clear feeling.
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: So that's what we
say you get a gut feeling
or intuition, that's
clairsentience.
You might have an
air pressure change
that lets you know
an angel's there.
Or you might have some
sort of goosebumps
or I call angel
bumps that let you
know that you're
on the right path.
Physical sensations also
include things you smell.
I don't know about you, but
sometimes I'll smell roses--
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: --or you'll smell
your grandma's cologne.
They let you know that
the departed loved
one's with you as well.
>>LISA: So do our angels
ever communicate with us
through numbers or symbols?
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah.
Actually, angel
numbers is something
that I've written
about and have studied.
And one of the most common
ways that the angels do
get our attention
with the physical side
is through showing us
repetitive number sequences
that we might see in a license
plate or a receipt or telephone
number.
So people will tell me they see
four, four, four all the time,
which means the
angels are with you.
Or they see one, one, one,
which means watch your thoughts.
Make sure they're positive
because you're manifesting
with your thoughts very quickly.
>>LISA: Interesting.
So what did 11, 11 mean
in the calendar year?
>>VIRTUE: It meant just that.
It meant that now is the
time to rise above fear
and really think about
what it is you desire,
not what you fear.
Because what you're
thinking about
is what you're going
to live with very soon.
>>VIRTUE: My husband
sees this all the time,
and I'm sure a lot of
people have emailed me
when you're on the show
talking about sequences
where the numbers are
all the same, where
it'll be a series of twos.
Do they all mean
something different?
>>VIRTUE: The more you get,
the more emphasis there is,
and basically two
means keep the faith.
And so if you wake up in
the middle of the night
and it's 2:22, for
instance, they really
are trying to get
your attention.
And once you learn the
lesson and get the message,
they'll change to a
different number sequence.
>>LISA: Does 734 mean anything?
>>VIRTUE: They all
mean something.
Actually, this is
not a commercial,
but I have a phone
app now that's
called Angel Numbers where
you can plug in any number,
it'll tell you
immediately what it means.
It's the coolest thing.
>>LISA: Seriously.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, yeah.
>>LISA: How did you come
up with the meanings?
>>VIRTUE: I just asked and just
wrote down what they told me.
So 734 would mean that the
ascended masters and the angels
are applauding you because
you're on the right path
and they want you to stay on it.
>>LISA: Really?
I have seen that number
upside-down and backwards,
forever.
>>VIRTUE: It's a
beautiful message.
>>LISA: I'm sorry.
I just wanted to ask you.
I had to ask.
>>VIRTUE: I love the numbers.
I love doing number readings.
>>LISA: That's fascinating.
You have a mobile app.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Just type in the App Store Angel
Numbers and you'll find it.
>>LISA: There's a lot of history
around numbers in astrology--
>>VIRTUE: Yup.
>>LISA: --and in numerology.
>>VIRTUE: Pythagoras.
Yup.
Pythagoras said that
everything in the world
is mathematically precise.
And he used to have his students
to meditate on the number eight
because it's a sign of
infinity and abundance,
to empower his students,
to really awaken
their spiritual gifts.
>>LISA: Interesting.
And did you pull from
your communication
with angels and
also ancient history
to determine the
meanings of the--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Well, not to sound too
odd, but in one of my very,
very strong past life
memories and regressions,
I was a student of Pythagoras'.
And so--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>VIRTUE: --I have ancient
memories of what he taught.
I wasn't his best
student-- not owning that.
But by osmosis and being
there I did learn quite a bit.
What he taught
was that-- he said
that there's this
music of the spheres,
that the whole universe is held
together with this energy that
is mathematically
precise and that actually
can translate into
things you hear.
And he used musical sound to
heal people in the Asclepius
hospital system, because he said
that each vibration of music
is mathematically precise.
So it's all numbers
and it's all sounds.
>>LISA: I've seen so
much of that lately
through sound healing
and sound therapy.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
It's coming back.
>>LISA: It's--
>>VIRTUE: It's ancient wisdom.
>>LISA: --very much
coming back now,
and it's being quantified
and validated scientifically,
and it's fascinating.
It's a big field.
And so symbols--
feathers, animals.
I mean are there any specific
symbols that have meaning?
>>VIRTUE: Well, actually,
the angels told me one time
that everything's a message,
everything's a sign.
If you'll keep your eyes
open and your mind open,
you'll see them
communicating constantly.
As you said, that if you want
to know what you're thinking,
look around you.
It's a part of that.
But the common ones,
of course, like
you mentioned are
feathers, and they usually
are feathers in
unusual locations,
like people will tell me
they're in the hospital praying
for their health.
And all of a sudden this
giant seagull feather
will show up on the
pillow, and it obviously
didn't come from the pillow.
Or a woman told me she
was praying for her job,
and she said, please
send me a feather
if everything's going to be OK.
And she looks down
and her skirt is
covered in feathers
in an office.
Just weird things
like that happen
when people ask for signs.
Butterflies or birds
are very common symbols
from our departed loved ones.
As are coins, so finding
pennies or nickels or dimes
usually is from a
grandfather on the other side
or some sort of
benevolent relative.
>>LISA: When my
grandfather passed
away, a dove flew into the
front door to the house,
went all the way to the
back into the bathroom,
and then right back
out the front door.
>>VIRTUE: I love it.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>VIRTUE: These kind of
stories warm my heart.
They kind of normalize
the angel experiences
for people who think it's a
little too weird or scary.
>>LISA: I am sure every
single person watching has
had some type of experience
they call weird or fluke.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
But they're normal.
In fact, for the last
seven or eight years
I've been writing a weekly
column for Women's World
Magazine--
>>LISA: Really?
>>VIRTUE: --which
is a magazine you'd
buy at the checkout stand of any
grocery store in North America,
and it's a normal magazine.
I mean it's got cake
recipes, and it's
got how to have a
better marriage.
Like you'd seen--
>>LISA: What do you
define as normal, really,
when you think about--
>>VIRTUE: Well, you
know, kind of mainstream.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: And here in the
middle is this angel article
I write every week
called "My Guardian
Angel" with channeling.
It's out and out, out of
the closet channeling.
And the publishers
were afraid that it
would be too weird for their
very mainstream audience.
So they pulled the column
after about three months of me
writing it, when
I first started.
And I said, OK, it's
not meant to be.
And they got bags full
of letters-- people who
didn't have email were
writing letters and saying
where's that angel column?
We were buying your
magazine to get it.
So it came back.
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>VIRTUE: And it's
very, very out there.
But the stories usually are
of people who've had a loss,
and then they start to
see birds or butterflies,
or they hear the song that
was that special connection--
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: --on the radio a lot.
>>LISA: It provides an enormous
amount of healing for someone
who has lost a loved one
that yearns for that last--
>>VIRTUE: That's right.
>>LISA: --a piece
of communication,
connection in some way.
And if you can-- I mean in
the privacy of your own mind--
have that type of
connection and make it real,
and when it
manifests, the healing
that pours out of people
is-- I've seen it.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Just the tears
and the releasing
of the pain from
the loss is relieved
when that symbol comes in.
And you don't have
to believe it.
You just try it.
And I've seen it
in rooms of people.
I'm not telling
you anything new.
You've done this.
>>VIRTUE: It's true though.
It's very comforting
to know that when
you see a butterfly that
it's a sign from a loved one
who lets you know I've just
transformed, like a caterpillar
transforms into a butterfly.
>>LISA: So we've seen
this historically as well.
We've seen it in hieroglyphics.
We've seen it in writings
on the walls, right?
>>VIRTUE: Yup, absolutely.
It's the same thing.
It's communication from spirit
to physical and vice versa.
And as we continue in
this beautiful new energy,
we will have more and
more clear communication.
And the angels tell
me-- they've said
for a long time we'll have
a machine that will measure
their communication, and
it'll be like calling heaven.
>>LISA: A machine.
>>VIRTUE: Like a telephone.
>>LISA: It's something
to come in the future?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
That it's already in works.
And that we will have machines
that will-- kind of we
have aura photography right
now, but take it to a new level,
almost like a CAT
scan, to show you
where your guides
and angels are.
And then another machine
that is like-- they
said it's like a drum, like a
speaker drum that will measure
a deceased loved one
talking to you that
will go into some sort of
device where you can hear them.
>>LISA: I'm sure many of these
are already being worked on.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And beyond the current, where
they put a tape recorder
in a room and they
can hear spirit,
this is an actual machine
that's controllable experiences.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
Well, some of these symbols
and the ancient history
of the archangels is
demonstrated in the new card
deck--
>>VIRTUE: Yay.
>>LISA: --that you have out.
We're going to take
a look at these.
There's a specific
one that you said
we could pray to a lot, which is
the archangel-- is it Michael?
>>VIRTUE: Well, Michael.
But I want to just kind
of back up and just make
it clear that the angels
don't want to be prayed to
or worshipped.
They give all glory
to the creator--
that's who we should pray to.
But we can call upon them.
And to me it's very different.
We don't worship the angels.
>>LISA: OK.
Thank you.
>>VIRTUE: So Michael
is the right-hand man,
because each of
these angels either
have a feminine or
a masculine energy.
>>LISA: This is actually--
>>VIRTUE: It's very masculine.
>>LISA: Metatron--
sorry about that.
>>VIRTUE: OK, Metatron.
Metatron is a very
ancient archangel
who's the primary
angel in the Kabbalah,
or the Tree of Life
or the Sephirot.
Metatron was one of two
archangels who was originally
a human prophet, who was
written about in the Bible.
Metatron was Enoch who
ascended, if you recall,
on a chariot of fire.
And he was becoming
an archangel.
Metatron is the first
angel in the Tree
of Life and the
Kabbalah because he
helped people who were
new on the spiritual path.
And there's an archangel all
along the way of the life path.
And so--
>>LISA: I didn't know that.
That's interesting.
>>VIRTUE: --this new deck
is the Angel Tarot cards.
Based on the 78
ancient card system,
like you might see with
the Rider-Waite system,
that is very accurate
and very detailed.
But the traditional
tarot scares most of us
who are sensitive,
because it has
cards depicting
death and hangmen--
>>LISA: Devils.
>>VIRTUE: --and tower of
the devils, and pentagrams,
and swords, and bleeding things.
And the messages are
very, very positive
in most of those
cards, but you have
to explain it or read
about it or understand it
in order to deal with it.
So Radleigh Valentine
and I-- Radleigh's
an angel therapist and
a medium and good friend
of mine-- he's a tarot expert.
So he and I came
up with-- modeling
the old system of tarot was
100% gentle, safe and positive
cards.
And so the traditional
card of tarot that zero
is called a fool.
We don't like being
called a fool.
I don't know anyone who does.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: So we changed it to
the dreamer, which is actually
more accurate, because this is
the person who's setting off
on a new voyage, very kind
of, some might call it naive,
but 100% with faith.
He's walking-- a leap of faith.
And so archangel Metatron
is the perfect archangel
for starting a new venture.
Because--
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
>>VIRTUE: --each of these--
we assigned archangels
to each of the, what they
call the major arcanas
part of the tarot.
And it was perfect because
each of the archangels
had that specialty that fit
that particular message or card.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
So this particular one,
the Archangel Metatron
is about the dream and it's
about setting intentions.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, and
about the leap of faith.
And also, Metatron
helps children
who are wanting to keep
their spiritual gifts alive
and awakened.
So it's a wonderful angel for
indigos and crystal children
to call upon.
>>LISA: This next one
is the Archangel Raziel.
>>VIRTUE: Raziel,
whose name in Hebrew
means the secrets of God,
and who in ancient lore
is said to sit so closely
to the throne of God,
that he hears all of the
secrets and mysteries
and has written them down.
And has actually taught them
since the time of Adam and Eve,
has taught all of us how to
deal with the ancient secrets.
So this is the card
of the magician, which
is the card of
mysteries and realizing
you're powerful, you know a
lot, putting them into action.
This card really
means you're ready.
>>LISA: So if you don't have
the card deck, these are angels,
archangels that we're talking
about that you can set
intentions with when you're
doing your intention ritual,
whatever that is--
>>VIRTUE: Absolutely.
>>LISA: --you can
call on these--
and specifically
call on this energy.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Yes.
You know you can just
ask God, send an angel.
That's one way.
But I find it enriches it
to know who the players are.
And so I have written
about 15 very,
very trustworthy and practical
angels that all of us
can call on.
And, as I've said,
they're unlimited,
so you can call on them
and I can call on them
simultaneously, and they'll
be with each of us having
a unique and
individual experience.
>>LISA: You have
a whole book out.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
You don't need the book.
You don't need the
cards to do this.
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: I teach about it.
The cards could be
like flash cards
to help you know what
the archangels do.
>>LISA: Very good to know.
That's interesting to know.
And, of course, all this is
based on ancient history.
>>VIRTUE: Oh yeah.
This is not new age.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: These are
ancient beings that go back
to Babylonian times,
and Mesopotamia.
>>LISA: This next one is
the archangel Raphael,
one of the ones I hear
you talk about a lot.
>>LISA: Right.
So actually, the
next one I think
is Michael, right,
and the emperor?
Is that right?
>>LISA: Sure.
Michael.
Sorry about that.
>>VIRTUE: So Archangel Michael.
Most people know him,
Archangel Michael
is the archangel of strength
and courage and protection.
And he is-- in the
tarot system, we
call him the emperor,
which is a traditional word
for the card that has to do
with leadership and organization
and logic.
And so when you get
this card it means
it's calling upon you
to step up to the plate
and to be the leader.
And Archangel Michael can give
you the courage and confidence
to do so.
>>LISA: So and also when
you're starting new things
or if you are wanting
to be a leader.
It could be anything.
You can be the leader
of your household.
You could be a parent as a
leader, which is important.
Yeah.
Or many of us are being called
to make major changes right
now.
And maybe you're getting the
gut feeling to make the change,
but your family isn't there yet.
So this card, or calling
on Archangel Michael
can help you to step
up to the plate,
and to say we're
going to move now,
or we're going to make
this or that change.
And he'll give you the
confidence and the support
to do so.
>>LISA: If you're
an activist, this
is also a good card for you,
or a good energy for you
to call on.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Yeah, if you're
being asked to speak
your truth very loud
and very powerfully,
and it might not be
the popular truth
or there might be
some individuals who
have a vested interest
in the not truth.
>>LISA: And you're
looking for support.
>>VIRTUE: And protection,
Michael can help you.
>>LISA: Protection,
that's very important.
The next one is the
Archangel Rafael.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
Raphael is the healing angel.
His name means he who
heels or God heals.
So this is the
card of the lovers,
and it means what it says.
This has to do with issues
of intimate relationships.
It also means to, when
you're making decisions
about your relationships
or anything else,
to weigh your options carefully.
You can call on Raphael
to heal anything
emotionally or physically.
He can heal your loved ones.
And he's wonderful with pets.
>>LISA: Oh really.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
He helps to find
lost dogs, lost cats.
He helps to heal your pets.
>>LISA: Is there an
angel of lost things?
>>VIRTUE: Absolutely.
>>LISA: There is.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Chamuel.
C-H-A-M-U-E-L. His name in
Hebrew means the eyes of God.
And so, you might
think it's lost.
I might think it's lost, but
God can see where everything is.
And so calling on Chamuel,
he will absolutely
take you to a place
to find it, and you'll
swear you've looked
there before,
and that it's illogical
to look there once again.
But if you will take
the leap of faith
and go look in that
place, it'll be there.
>>LISA: Interesting.
So one of the pet peeves
of mine is losing things.
>>VIRTUE: Well, a lot of
what we are is light workers.
And light workers have
what I call KeyDD.
Like you lose your car
keys a lot or you're--
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: Because it's--
we're used to dealing with
the non-physical world.
And when you get
down here and you
have to put things
into places and you
have to deal with
the physical things,
it seems so clumsy to all
of us and so unnatural.
But it's because we remember
the world where we'd just
think something and it's done.
>>LISA: I actually was taught
a prayer about St. Anthony,
and it is--
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: --Dear St. Anthony,
come around, what is lost
must be found.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Every single time we
say that, whatever is lost
is found.
>>VIRTUE: Exactly.
>>LISA: It's amazing.
>>VIRTUE: St.
Anthony and Chamuel
do the exact same thing.
So I call on both of
them, and it's so fast.
>>LISA: Actually,
that's a good point.
The saints that we have
read about historically
in biblical times are
very much synonymous
to what you talk about in
terms of the archangels.
>>VIRTUE: Very analogous, yup.
>>LISA: OK.
So the next one-- oh,
this is a great one.
>>VIRTUE: Yup.
>>LISA: Archangel Raguel.
>>VIRTUE: Raguel, whose name
means the friends of God,
and is a wonderful
angel to call upon
if there's any kind of
conflict in any relationship
that you're having.
Now, this card traditionally
was called the towers in tarot,
and it created a lot of fear,
especially after September 11.
So we renamed it justice, which
is actually what it stands for.
We still have the two columns.
We kept a lot of the
symbols, but we made them
the solid towers here.
And so Archangel Raguel says
that-- if you get this card,
it has to do with fairness and
justice and making decisions.
>>LISA: If you're in any way
involved in the justice system,
sometimes you find it not fair.
And--
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: --the way that
the laws have gotten
tweaked throughout the
years, it's very interesting
to be able to call when you
really want truth to prevail.
>>VIRTUE: It's really a David
and Goliath moment in our earth
history, and
energetically right now.
So even though it
might seem like there's
people in power who have got
it all, tidied everything up.
Really, those of us
who are the Davids
with the little slingshot,
we've got the power.
And they don't want
us to know that we
know that we've got the power.
>>LISA: Very well said.
Very well said.
Which actually brings
us to the next card
which is the card of strength--
>>VIRTUE: Strength.
>>LISA: --and to know that you
can call upon strength when
you're in a situation where
you're looking for fairness.
>>VIRTUE: Well, we are made
in the image and likeness
of the strong
creator, and there's
nothing weak about any
of us, except for if we
think there is.
The angels want us to
simultaneously work
on balancing-- being strong
and sensitive at the same time.
That's why most of us
are getting the message
to take good care of
our bodies, to exercise,
even to lift weights, like I
do every day, little weights.
To keep your body strong.
To have your mind strong
by getting chemical-free
so you can focus and not be
wavering with how chemicals
make you all over the place.
>>LISA: Also it
keeps you grounded.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And strong in your boundaries.
If someone's trying to take
advantage of you, to speak up.
And you can still be nice and
loving and angelic and say no.
And also, we need
to be sensitive,
because sensitivity keeps
us dialed in and plugged in
to the truth and what's
going on in our world.
So this card, strength
card, with Archangel Ariel,
whose name means
the lioness of God.
And it's about feminine
strength and feminine power,
which every man and
woman has access to,
because it's a kind of spiritual
power that we all have.
So when you draw this
card, it's reminding
that you have great
inner strength
yourself, that you can do it.
>>LISA: And it's different
than a warrior-like strength.
>>VIRTUE: It's a
peaceful warrior, yeah.
>>LISA: It's a peaceful warrior.
>>VIRTUE: Coming
from love, not fear.
>>LISA: Are there
different energies
with these archangels that
have to do with a warrior
energy versus a loving energy?
Or do they--
>>VIRTUE: Well, yeah.
I mean if you look
at, traditionally,
every painting of archangel
Michael shows him with a sword.
It's not a sword of battle,
it's a sword of light
that helps us to
release the attachments
or the cords of fear.
So he would be more of
your traditional warrior
type of archetype.
And then your softer,
kinder one of archangel
would be such as
Ariel who's got a very
feminine kind of-- her
aura color is light pink.
She's all about love
and kisses and hearts,
and hearth and home and harmony.
>>LISA: You're all
about water, aren't you?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, I am.
I'm a water baby.
>>LISA: You are.
I notice there's a card that we
have here, the nine of water.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
Yes.
I have a lot of Pisces
in my astrological chart,
and it's one of the
reasons I'm so psychic.
And the nine of
water card actually
has an image of me
as a mermaid, which
is the archetype or the
realm that I most relate to.
>>LISA: Why is that?
>>VIRTUE: I think all of
us have kind of a realm
that we have lived
in other lifetimes.
And they might seem
like mythical realms
some people relate to fairies,
some relate to angels,
some relate to dragons
or knights or wizards.
I relate to angels.
I mean to mermaids and angels.
Actually, kind of
combine the two.
And water is my
favorite element.
When I'm swimming in the
ocean, I feel most at home,
I feel most comfortable,
most connected.
And my girlfriends
and I actually
put on mermaid tails that
have monofins in them.
>>LISA: Oh, we have
a picture of this.
You have to check these out.
>>VIRTUE: We swim in
the ocean as mermaids.
>>LISA: That's Doreen.
>>VIRTUE: So that's me.
This photo was actually
shot by the ocean artist
Wyland for a video
that he made of us
that you can see on YouTube
by typing in Wyland mermaid.
And you'll see me swimming
with my girlfriends.
This is in Kona,
Hawaii, which has
very still waters
and good visibility.
And a lot of it is to bring
awareness of the ocean
environment and the
plight of the cetaceans.
>>LISA: Look at you.
That is absolutely amazing.
These tails are phenomenal.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
This was made by
a friend of mine,
Mike Van Dall of FlipTails.
They are very heavy tails, but
in the water they're neutral,
they're weightless.
They allow you to--
we go to about 60 feet
underwater in these
tails on one breath.
>>LISA: Oh, my goodness.
And these are tails
that you can--
you have about seven
or eight of these.
>>VIRTUE: You've
seen one of them.
>>LISA: Yes, I have.
>>VIRTUE: We were on the
Caribbean Hay House cruise--
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: --with this.
And I was with your beautiful
daughter who's a mermaid, too--
>>LISA: Yes.
Yes.
>>VIRTUE: --swimming in
the ocean in these tails.
>>LISA: She wants
one of those tails.
>>VIRTUE: Anyone
can do this, yeah.
You can go on eBay and type
in swimmable mermaid tail
and find the introductory
ones for $100 or so.
>>LISA: All of you goddesses
watching right now,
you need to have
that experience.
>>VIRTUE: You do.
The only thing is I'd say I've
taken free diving classes.
You don't want to
try this at home
without getting some
safety instruction from--
>>LISA: Thanks for saying that.
>>VIRTUE: --a qualified
free diving instructor.
>>LISA: OK.
But the experience that you must
feel going through the water.
>>VIRTUE: Oh.
Well, just in a nutshell, I'm
a dive master, with Patty,
as a scuba diver.
And I used to be scuba diving
three or four times a week.
Once I got a mermaid
tail on, I've
only been scuba diving
maybe twice since then.
It's so much more fun
to go in the water
without a mask or any
equipment, except for the tail,
and just be so fluid and
be one with the ocean.
It really brings up
memories of Atlantis for me.
>>LISA: I actually
remember a specific time
where you and I were
on a cruise ship,
and we were sailing
over Atlantis
at the very moment you
and I were talking.
>>VIRTUE: Beautiful.
>>LISA: Do you remember this?
And we were sailing over
the area where there--
>>VIRTUE: Bermuda.
>>LISA: Right.
And historically,
it was a moment
that imprinted in my mind.
>>VIRTUE: It's very powerful.
>>LISA: Very powerful.
>>VIRTUE: You know the time
of Atlantis, a lot of mistakes
were made that we came back
to correct in this lifetime.
We gave over power
to the government
that was trying to grab all the
land masses with crystal energy
power.
And they imploded our
land mass in doing so.
And so we've come back
and we're watching
the same selfish behavior
in politicians again.
And this time we're
going to speak up.
>>LISA: And these stories
give us an example
to learn from as well,
because we look back
and those times and those
stories that tell us this
is what it means
to lose your power,
and this is what it feels
like to have your power.
>>VIRTUE: From a place of love.
>>LISA: From a
place of love, yes.
It's definitely a
different source of power.
>>VIRTUE: Well, and it's the
only form of power there is.
Anyone who's coming
from a place of love
has the absolute power
that always sustains.
If you are trying to
fight fear with fear,
you're both gonna lose.
>>LISA: Right.
It's that competition
that doesn't really
service any longer.
I mean I could talk
to you all day.
It's so great that there
are so many examples
that you give that
are practical.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: That even if people
have no idea about angels,
have never heard about angels
before this conversation,
these are thoughts
and ideas that I'm
sure are connecting with
people and making it practical.
Even if it's just
to start at home.
>>VIRTUE: Well, yeah.
That's the thing
is I respect people
who are skeptical of angels,
because they have not realized
they've had angel
experiences yet.
I'm not here to convert anyone
or convince anyone of anything.
I'm actually here to teach how
to have your own experiences
so you can make
up your own mind.
And so what I tell people
is be like a good scientist.
Experiment with this
hypothesis I'm presenting,
there are angels, before you
either accept or reject it.
And so a good way to
experiment is ask your angels
for help with something,
and you can say it
from a place of
challenging them.
They don't care.
They--
>>LISA: Really?
>>VIRTUE: --see past it.
And they will help
you, and then you'll
make your own conclusions.
>>LISA: That is a great thing.
I'm really glad
you just said that.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah!
>>LISA: Thank you.
I often forget about the
skeptical perspective,
and it's very important.
I love skeptics as well.
>>VIRTUE: And they'll help with
anything that brings you peace.
They'll give you a taxi cab
on a rainy night at 5 o'clock
rush hour.
They will help you to
get a parking place.
They'll help you to
pay the mortgage.
Whatever it is you need help
with that will give you peace,
they'll help you with.
They are not wish granters, but
they will give you the guidance
so that you can help
yourself to get there.
So you've got to listen to when
they tell you to do something
after you ask for help.
They might say, OK, drive
here, or call this person,
or apply for a job here.
And if you follow
their guidance,
you will make your
wish come true.
>>LISA: Just try it.
It's just an example.
>>VIRTUE: Misery refunded
in full if it doesn't work.
>>LISA: Good way of saying it.
So now, what are the
aspects of the air,
the water, the fire
in the tarot deck?
>>VIRTUE: Oh, it's interesting.
In traditional tarot, of
course, air is swords,
and that's where you get all
those cards with bleeding
hearts and people
in pools of blood,
and it's just too
scary and harsh,
especially since we're all
becoming more sensitive.
So we found that
we could substitute
all of these for
something that's gentler.
For instance, the water
suit is traditionally
cups, which we have in this
deck because cups are gentle.
But we thought why not
have mermaids symbolize--
>>LISA: I see.
>>VIRTUE: --the suit of water.
And for air, instead of
swords, what about unicorns?
Their horns can
symbolize swords.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
>>VIRTUE: And we also found
that we could put the border
to symbolize-- so we
have blue for air,
and we have turquoise for water.
Earth we have fairies,
and we have green.
And then for the element of--
>>LISA: Fire.
>>VIRTUE: --fire, we took
friendly, happy dragons.
And I've never put dragons in
any of my card decks before.
So I worked very, very closely
with the artist Steve A.
Roberts, because he's
a fantasy artist who's
used to a little more intense
emotions in his characters,
to come up with something
in between harsh dragons
and Barney.
Something in the middle.
My role, when we made this
deck of angel tarot cards,
was that all the paintings
had to feel safe to me,
because I'm highly
sensitive to energy.
>>LISA: And the art is amazing.
>>VIRTUE: Thank you.
Steve A. Roberts is a genius.
>>LISA: Now, what is
significance, again,
of the air?
>>VIRTUE: Well, air has
to do with intellect.
So these are all cards that have
to do with thinking and making
decisions, et cetera.
>>LISA: OK.
And then what about the
significance of the earth?
>>VIRTUE: The earth has to
do with your daily life.
>>LISA: So when you're
using these cards,
when those particular
cards come up,
you would know that
this has to do with--
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: --daily routine.
>>VIRTUE: And water has to
do with emotions, exactly.
>>LISA: And then
fire has to do with?
>>VIRTUE: Fire has
to do with challenges
and overcoming them and moving
forward, energy in your life.
>>LISA: And then once again,
if we don't have these cards,
there's a way to set intentions.
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah.
One of the best ways is as
you're falling asleep at night.
And the reason is that
when you're asleep,
your ego is also kind of asleep.
And so you're more
open to receiving help
from your guides
and your angels.
I love calling on Archangel
Michel as I'm falling asleep.
And he's the loudest
angel of them
all-- easiest one for
beginners to work with.
And all you do is just ask him
a question or ask him for help
as you're falling asleep, and
he'll come into your sleep
and teach you and
give you guidance
as to how you can correct
a situation or heal it.
When you wake up,
you may not remember,
you probably won't
remember the dream,
but it will be in your
unconscious mind helping
to steer you in that direction.
>>LISA: How do you hear the
voices coming back to you?
How do you decipher whether it's
the angels or your imagination?
>>VIRTUE: Well, in
my surveys, and I've
gone around the world
since 1996 many times,
and I've surveyed audiences in
all these different cultures.
My surveys have shown
that the number one way
people get angel messages
is through feelings.
So listen to your body
is the number one thing.
If it gets tense,
there's a reason.
If you get excited
If you have a feeling that
something's not right,
trust that.
Never, ever say, oh, it's just
a feeling I have or write it off
as being less than authentic.
>>LISA: So trust it more.
And is that also your intuition?
>>VIRTUE: That is what
intuition is, is your feelings.
The second most
common way people
get messages is
through their visions,
and that includes
visions in your head.
And visions you
see, like we talked
about numbers and feathers
and butterflies and birds,
but it also includes dreams.
So trust what you see.
If it's repetitive-- let's
say that three times in a day
you see the same word
or you see the same book
or the same movie, that's them
trying to get your attention.
The third and fourth most common
way that people get messages
is through thoughts
or downloaded ideas,
wordless words, and
things that they hear.
Those are pretty rare ways
of getting angel messages.
>>LISA: Is that how you do
your books, your writing?
>>VIRTUE: Well, we
all get all four ways,
but there's a primary and
a secondary and a tertiary
and a fourth way that you get--
>>LISA: For each person.
>>VIRTUE: --for each person.
It's like a four
cylinder automobile.
And the primary clair
is the first cylinder
that fires for you.
For me, the first
cylinder I get is visual.
So I see things.
And then I also hear things.
I'm a real clear
hearer, clairaudience.
So I put myself through college
as a secretary taking dictation
for my bosses.
I still do that through my
boss God and Archangel Michael.
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>VIRTUE: They dictate
all my books to me.
It's how I'm so prolific.
And usually what I turn in
is published first draft.
>>LISA: You have a lot of books.
>>VIRTUE: More
than I know, yeah.
More than my
birthdays, I know that.
But if you put my
name in amazon.com,
they come up so many
books it makes me tired
to think that I
wrote all of them.
But I didn't.
I channeled them.
I heard the words.
>>LISA: So for anyone who
has writer's block or wants
to write a book--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Trust what you feel, trust what
you see, trust what you think,
and trust what you hear.
And just write it without
editing it or censoring it,
even if it makes no sense.
A lot of my books,
particularly Angel Therapy,
that book was a channel book.
At the time I wrote it,
I was not spiritually
mature enough to understand it.
Now I do.
>>LISA: Do you look
back on it and say
how could I have written
that at that time?
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
I just trusted it.
>>LISA: So for someone who is--
there's a lot of people who
have books in them--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: --who can really write--
>>VIRTUE: We need those--
>>LISA: --their stories.
>>VIRTUE: Books, too.
The angels say each time a
book of love is published,
it's like a stair on
the stairway to heaven.
It helps us all.
And it doesn't matter if other
people have written about it,
because sometimes people need
to read 10 or 11 different books
on the topic before they
go ah-ha, this is real.
>>LISA: It's also
your story, to tell
your story is so important, and
it's such a historical thing
to do as well.
We've done it for eons, in
terms of being storytellers.
We are storytellers.
>>VIRTUE: We are.
And Archangel Gabriel
is the messenger angel,
the famous angel from
the Christmas story
who helps us to tell our story,
whether it's on TV or radio
or through the written word.
Call on Gabriel to move
past writer's block
or procrastination, or fears of
failure, or fears of success.
>>LISA: Very interesting.
So for anyone who might
have writer's block,
to sit down in a
space, like what do you
recommend, and call on?
>>VIRTUE: Just say Archangel
Gabriel, help me to write.
And that angel, I
want to warn everyone,
is what I call a nudging angel.
Gabriel will push you
past your comfort zone,
and may ask you to stay
up all night long writing
till the thing is done.
But you've been warned.
If you want to move past
writer's block, guaranteed,
call on Gabriel and you
will, you will start writing.
>>LISA: Do these books
come to you, or do you--
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
I see the whole book
in its entirety.
I get the energy of it.
The essence of it.
I see the title, I see
the cover, I see it all.
And luckily, Reid Tracy,
the president of Hay House,
now trusts my visions.
And when I have a vision,
he goes, OK, go for it.
>>LISA: Go ahead and write it.
>>VIRTUE: So a lot of times I'm
working on three or four books
at the same time.
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>VIRTUE: And the other thing
I want to say to writers
is that the ego tries to
tell you that in the future
you'll have all
this time to write.
And that's a mistake.
Anything about the future that's
fear-based is the ego's domain.
The truth is, I write almost
every book in little five
minute increments
here and there.
>>LISA: What do you mean?
>>VIRTUE: We all have
spare moments in the day.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: And you can
write a page a day.
If you write a page a day,
in a year, you've got a book.
>>LISA: So moments of epiphany.
You just put them down.
>>VIRTUE: Or non-epiphany.
If you have a spare
moment-- let's
say you're waiting
in line at the bank.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
>>VIRTUE: Keep a pad of
paper with you at all times.
Don't think that you're going
to speak into a recorder
and you're going
to later type it.
You won't.
You've got to write it.
It's got to physically
be in front of your eyes.
>>LISA: Interesting.
That's a great tip for writers.
I mean even one who
is not a writer,
to be able to put down your
story of your family history,
or things that you've
learned, or if you
want to share this
with generations.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And once--
>>LISA: It's a great idea.
>>VIRTUE: You start
writing, it'll keep flowing.
Sometimes the first word
is what's most important.
Once you write that first
word, the rest will come.
>>LISA: Very interesting.
So you live your life like this.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Reading energies
and going with flows,
and reading and
seeing where things
are correct and not
correct for you.
Do you set every day,
do you set an intention?
>>VIRTUE: Never.
>>LISA: You never do?
>>VIRTUE: No.
That's too static.
To me that's kind of old energy.
I'm really-- I'm
100% in the moment.
And my only intention is
to enjoy this moment 100%.
>>LISA: And to take care of
your body in the meantime.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: If it's tired or
hungry, you sleep and you eat.
>>VIRTUE: Well, that's
like a habit now.
Every day, I brush my
teeth and I exercise.
They're non-optional activities.
I don't argue with myself
should I exercise today or not.
Nor do I argue do I brush
my teeth today or not.
You just do it.
>>LISA: I consider it a
privilege, absolutely.
>>VIRTUE: Ah.
>>LISA: Yeah, I do.
I consider exercising
a big privilege,
and I do it every day,
too, because it helps.
>>VIRTUE: I don't
know how people
are happy without exercise.
>>LISA: It's the reset button.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
We talked about energy
is so intense right now.
Everyone I know is on overload.
Everyone's moving and changing.
Exercise keeps you sane.
>>LISA: It is the
only way to set
the reset button and your
body and on your mind,
because the brain
chemical's released
that create opiates in the body,
it creates a cascade effect
in the body that puts you
back to that normal state.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: For me.
And I think there's some
exercise for everyone.
>>LISA: Right.
There is.
>>VIRTUE: No matter
what shape your body's
in, there's
something you can do.
>>LISA: Walking
20 minutes a day.
>>VIRTUE: Or getting in
the ocean or the pool,
if you've got back challenges.
Or working the upper body
if you've got lower body
challenges.
Or yoga.
Gaiam, of course is--
>>LISA: Amazing.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
I use Gaiam yoga products all
the time, because yoga to me
really centers me and
helps me to release
and keeps the psychic
channels open.
>>LISA: And yoga and fitness
is the basis of Gaiam,
and it's a very important
part of all of our lives,
which I love, the emphasis
that they put on the physical.
And we've spent such a
wonderful time today with you
on the non-physical,
on the ethereal,
on the intentionality
of life, and I so
appreciate you
being with me today.
>>VIRTUE: Thank you, Lisa.
What you're doing is
a beautiful purpose,
and God bless you
and protect you
and continue this
way for a long time.
>>LISA: I feel very, very, very
blessed to be here with you.
I wanted to ask you if you could
help us with just an intention,
just to go out with setting
an intention for all of us,
and I'm going to invite the
people watching to go ahead
and if they could,
if you could think
of something in your
world or in your life
that you would like to
set an intention with.
And Doreen's going to take
us through a little bit
of an intention
setting exercise here.
>>VIRTUE: Absolutely.
Well, this is based on what the
angels told me that worry never
helps anything, but
prayer always does.
And so anything you're
worried about, just
stick the words
"please God, help me
with this" in front of the
worry and then it's a prayer.
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: So just take a
moment and scan your body
for what are you worried about?
What are you feeling
anxious about,
whether it's personally
or globally or yourself
or the future.
And let's just breathe together.
Ah.
And let's stick those
words, "please God,
help me with this."
And as you release this
worry into the divine,
into the atmosphere, which
is the infinite wisdom that
has all solutions in mind,
that knows exactly how this is
resolved right now--
not in the future--
but knows that in
spiritual truth,
everything is in divine
and perfect order.
Everything's healed and
healthy, despite illusions.
Just like if you go to
a frightening movie,
it can really create real
fear, but on the inside
it's just a movie.
And this is our
moment to connect
with the infinite
wisdom and intelligence
that 100% healing love regarding
the situation that you're
praying about.
As you tap into
that, you become part
of the solution for all of us.
You life us all up.
You are becoming a
role model of peace,
just by doing this
this very moment.
We thank you for this.
So let's take in a deep inhale
of this collective energy
of all of us meditating
and praying together
with all of our
guides and angels.
And on the exhale,
please let go of anything
that you are done
with, that you're
tired of that you want
to let go of and release.
One, two, three.
And that's called letting
go and letting God.
When you let go and let God,
the ego's control issues
are released, and that's
when real guidance comes in.
It's from that place
of higher wisdom.
It sees the big picture.
And real control comes
from letting go of control.
>>LISA: That's true power.
>>VIRTUE: The power of love.
And you've got it, and I've got
it, and everyone watching this
has got it right now.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
>>VIRTUE: God bless us all.
God bless this world.
Namaste, and peace to us all.
>>LISA: Thank you so much.
>>VIRTUE: Thank you.
>>LISA: I got the chills
all through the left side
of my body, and, as you
called them, angel bumps.
>>VIRTUE: Angel bumps, yeah.
>>LISA: Thank you so much.
I really, with all of
my heart, appreciate
you, your mentorship, who
you are, the example that you
serve in a
multi-dimensional way.
I appreciate what
you bring to us
in terms of the ethereal
and the practical.
>>VIRTUE: Thank you.
>>LISA: You are a gift.
>>VIRTUE: Oh, thank you, Lisa.
I want to thank you, the
Aware Show, Gaiam, Hay House,
and Steven Halpern for
that beautiful music.
And everyone who's
watching us now.
Thank you.
We all work together.
>>LISA: Yes, we do.
I really, really
hope you enjoyed
this inspirational interview,
as we do on Gaiam Inspirations
here.
If you want to watch
a replay of this
or share it with your friends
to inspire them as well,
you can go to gaiamtv.com.
You can get a free trial
subscription on there
and check out all the
inspirational films
and other interviews.
There's so much
more on Gaiam TV.
It really is a
great, great site.
So check it out at gaiamtv.com.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.